token: add @FILE_LINE (#15661)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

- `@METHOD` => replaced with ReceiverType.MethodName
- `@MOD` => replaced with the name of the current V module
- `@STRUCT` => replaced with the name of the current V struct
- `@FILE` => replaced with the absolute path of the V source file
- `@LINE` => replaced with the V line number where it appears (as a string).

> - `@FILE_LINE` => like `@FILE:@LINE`, but FILE is in relative path 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@FILE_LINE` => like `@FILE:@LINE`, but the file part is a relative path 
```
